Added content to get-started page (#76)
temporalio/documentation: docs/get-started.md

sidebar_label: Get started
---

> Welcome to Temporal's user documentation!

Reviewer: I don't think we need this. I don't think people will think we're more genuine for it but I could be wrong. Also "user documentation" sounds demeaning or something.

> Temporal reimagines state-dependent service-orchestrated application development, and so much more.

Reviewer: I know this was already here but I want to say it better.

Author: I wrote rewrote this line from a number of sources. It wasn't copied or carried over from someplace.
Improving it, I think that is the hardest part of our job right now :) Not sure how to capture the essence in just 1-2 sentences yet. Unless you have an alternative suggestion, to keep things succinct I am going to push for keeping this as-is for now - because in its current form it is at least accurate and all encompassing - "so much more" :)

## Get started

> Ready to develop? [Install the Temporal server](install-temporal-server) and choose your SDK.

Reviewer: I like the tone change A LOT. I'm not necessarily saying we should change the word "develop" but not sure its what we want to communicate.

Reviewer: Very unsure here, just my initial thought.

Author: What about "Ready to build?"

> → [Go SDK](go-quick-start)

Reviewer: So visually speaking the arrows are much more aesthetic. That being said, we also use bullets on the page and I would like to establish when we will use bullets vs arrows.

Author: I too prefer the arrows - but wanted to see what you thought first.
As of right now, arrows need to be manually added via a copy and paste into the doc. They do not automatically format into lists - 
So, as a long term solution what we will want to do is update the custom css to make markdown `<li>` tags render as those arrows vs the bullets. I will introduce that change in another pr and convert all of these to regular list items for now.

→ [Java SDK](java-quick-start)

## Learn about Temporal

> Building applications with Temporal is a paradigm shift. If you are new to Temporal, or workflow applications in general, get caught up on the [core concepts](concepts-overview) and common [use cases](use-cases-overview).

Reviewer: The first sentence:

"Building applications with Temporal is a paradigm shift. "

should definitely be removed, we want to avoid communicating things in a negative way. Obviously what you said is 100% true. If you want to communicate the same message with a positive spin consider something like:

"Temporal makes it a breeze to write reliable applications. Problems that developers are traditionally expected to solve themselves are handled implicitly by the system. While Temporal brings some huge advantages to developing applications, for some it requires a little getting used to..."

Or something

Reviewer: Also maybe split out the use case part. into a sentence.

"Wondering if your use case is a good fit for Temporal?" And then link use cases and maybe a forum link if the use case isn't covered in our docs

Author: > The first sentence:
> 
> "Building applications with Temporal is a paradigm shift. "
> 
> should definitely be removed, we want to avoid communicating things in a negative way. Obviously what you said is 100% true. If you want to communicate the same message with a positive spin consider something like:
> 
> "Temporal makes it a breeze to write reliable applications. Problems that developers are traditionally expected to solve themselves are handled implicitly by the system. While Temporal brings some huge advantages to developing applications, for some it requires a little getting used to..."
> 
> Or something

I disagree. There is nothing negative about that statement. It is meant to be very to the point - otherwise we are creating confusing messaging within our docs - If we are talking about our homepage, then yes, I would agree with you. But in our docs, I think this type of clarity is very important. I think this strong, clear message helps to set expectations for our users when they are deciding which docs to read first.

Author: > Also maybe split out the use case part. into a sentence.
> 
> "Wondering if your use case is a good fit for Temporal?" And then link use cases and maybe a forum link if the use case isn't covered in our docs

I agree with this -

> Run the code samples to see how it works:

Reviewer: If you prefer to jump right in, here are some samples to get you started:

→ [Go SDK samples](https://github.com/temporalio/go-samples)

→ [Java SDK samples](https://github.com/temporalio/java-samples)

## Best practices

> Want to master Temporal Workflows and recommended development techniques? Our guides will show you how.

Reviewer: I like "master Temporal Workflows" but don't like how you've structured the sentence to have "master" apply to "recommend development techniques". While I guess it's true that you could master "recommended development techniques" I don't think this is something people aspire to.

> - [How to install Temporal](install-temporal-server)

Reviewer: Wow didn't know links work without any path "./". I'm not suggesting this is broken it's a genuine observation.

Author: Chayup. https://v2.docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features#referencing-other-documents

Author: Chayup: https://v2.docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features#referencing-other-documents

sidebar_label: Get started
---

Temporal reimagines state-dependent service-orchestrated application development, and so much more.

## Get started

Ready to build? [Install the Temporal server](install-temporal-server) and choose your SDK.

- [Go SDK](go-quick-start)
- [Java SDK](java-quick-start)

## Learn about Temporal

> Building applications with Temporal is a paradigm shift. If you are new to Temporal, or workflow applications in general, get caught up on the [core concepts](concepts-overview).

Reviewer: Still not a fan of starting out with "paradigm shift". Sound daunting. Start with the positive about how we will make it so much easier etc.

> Wondering if Temporal is a good fit for your use case? Check out our [documented use cases](use-cases-overview) or visit the [community forum](https://community.temporal.io/tag/use-case-validation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wondering if Temporal is a good fit for your use case? Check out our [use cases section](use-cases-overview) or visit the [community forum](https://community.temporal.io/tag/use-case-validation).
```

> Prefer to jump right in? Try some of our tested examples.

Reviewer: The word "tested" is weird here.

- [Go SDK samples](https://github.com/temporalio/go-samples)
- [Java SDK samples](https://github.com/temporalio/java-samples)

## Best practices

> Want to master Temporal Workflows? Our guides will break down some of the recommended development techniques.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Want to master Temporal Workflows? Our guides will bring you up to speed on Temporal development best practices.
```
